Update PIK-CMIP-1-0-0 ORCID entry (#330)
PCMDI/input4MIPs_CVs: docs/contributing.md

It is generated via a GitHub action that automatically creates pull requests if new files have been published.
If you need to run it manually, you can run it with the steps below:

> 1. If the `venv` virtual environment doesn't exist, or isn't activated - make sure it is (see "Creating a Python virtual environment (`venv`)")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. If the `venv` virtual environment doesn't exist, or isn't activated - create/activate it (see "Creating a Python virtual environment (`venv`)")
```

This combination is done using `python-packages/input4MIPs-CVs/src/input4MIPs_CVs/cli/update-database.py`.
In order to run this script, you should:

> 1. If the `venv` virtual environment doesn't exist, or isn't activated - make sure it is (see "Creating a Python virtual environment (`venv`)")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. If the `venv` virtual environment doesn't exist, or isn't activated - create/activate it (see "Creating a Python virtual environment (`venv`)")
```

`python-packages/input4MIPs-CVs/src/input4MIPs_CVs/cli/update-html-pages.py`.
In order to run this script, you should:

> 1. If the `venv` virtual environment doesn't exist, or isn't activated - make sure it is (see "Creating a Python virtual environment (`venv`)")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. If the `venv` virtual environment doesn't exist, or isn't activated - create/activate it (see "Creating a Python virtual environment (`venv`)")
```
